[ET-1051] Fix override folder comment on templates (#1979)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Fix - Fixed an issue with Tickets and RSVP blocks where long descriptions were breaking the block. They now use an auto-resizing textarea. [ET-1078]
* Tweak - Introduce a new "Attendees" link to the WP Admin bar which can take you directly to the Attendees Report page. [ET-1079]
* Tweak - Added the new `tribe_tickets_attendees_csv_export_delimiter` filter to allow changing the delimiter used when generating a CSV export of attendees. [ET-1055]

> * Tweak - Adjusted template override folder path in template's header comment. [ET-1051]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Adjusted some template override folder paths documented in some of our Tickets-related templates. [ET-1051]
```
